Switched to ticks and unified ordering as most current upgrade first (#4591)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/3.7/bdr/upgrades/supported_paths.mdx

---
title: Supported BDR upgrade paths
---

### Upgrading within version 3.7

> BDR 3.7 does not follow semantic versioning. Instead, it uses 2 position majors similar to PostgreSQL releases prior to version 10 (e.g. 9.6).  BDR 3.7 also considered releases prior to 3.7.9 as beta releases and they could include breaking changes. BDR 3.7.9 was declared a Long Term Support version under the previous versioning nomenclature. All releases 3.7.9 and later maintain backward compatibility allowing upgrades to later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BDR 3.7 does not follow semantic versioning. Instead, it uses 2 position majors similar to PostgreSQL releases prior to version 10 (for example, 9.6).  BDR 3.7 also considered releases prior to 3.7.9 as beta releases and they could include breaking changes. BDR 3.7.9 was declared a Long Term Support version under the previous versioning nomenclature. All releases 3.7.9 and later maintain backward compatibility allowing upgrades to later versions.
```
